Fixed #31090 -- Logged transaction management queries. (#16208)
django/django: docs/releases/4.2.txt

* ``TransactionTestCase.assertQuerysetEqual()`` is deprecated in favor of
  ``assertQuerySetEqual()``.

> * The ``django.db.backends.base`` logger now logs transactions commits and 
>   rollbacks at DEBUG level as well as adds them to queries_log

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``django.db.backends.base`` logger now logs transaction commits and 
  rollbacks at ``DEBUG`` level.
```

I don't think `queries_log` is a documented interface.

Author: good to know, removed!
